readme.md, before:

# MPLAB® Harmony 3 GFX, Support Package

MPLAB Harmony 3 is an extension of the MPLAB® ecosystem for creating
embedded firmware solutions for Microchip 32-bit SAM and PIC microcontroller
and microprocessor devices.  Refer to the following links for more information.
 - [Microchip 32-bit MCUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit)
 - [Microchip 32-bit MPUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit-mpus)
 - [Microchip MPLAB X IDE](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-x-ide)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-harmony)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony Pages](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/)

This repository contains the MPLAB® Harmony 3 Graphics Package (GFX).  The
GFX supports a free fast to market, graphics software development environment for Microchip 32-bit SAM and PIC microprocessor devices.  Refer to
the following GFX links for release notes, home page, training materials, framework and application help.
 - [Release Notes](./release_notes.md)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Wiki](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx/wiki)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Training(https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9B4edd-p2ag5xsIIHhja-caKYY7AKPxe)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Help](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx/tree/master/doc)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Apps Help](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps/tree/master/doc)


# Contents Summary

| Folder     | Description                                  |
|------------|----------------------------------------------|
| apps       | Example quickstart application |
| display    | Supported Displays |
| doc        | Help documentation                            |
| driver     | Display controller and graphics processor unit drivers |
| hal        | Hardware Abstration Layer between middleware and hardware drivers |
| input      | Input System and its associated drivers and services |
| middleware | Supported User Interface Libraries |
| templates | Complete Project support components |

Commit message:

Added key features (misra-compliant)

readme.md, after:

# MPLAB® Harmony 3 GFX, Support Package

MPLAB Harmony 3 is an extension of the MPLAB® ecosystem for creating
embedded firmware solutions for Microchip 32-bit SAM and PIC microcontroller
and microprocessor devices.  Refer to the following links for more information.
 - [Microchip 32-bit MCUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit)
 - [Microchip 32-bit MPUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit-mpus)
 - [Microchip MPLAB X IDE](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-x-ide)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-harmony)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony Pages](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/)

This repository contains the MPLAB® Harmony 3 Graphics Package (GFX).  The
GFX supports a free fast to market, graphics software development environment for Microchip 32-bit SAM and PIC microprocessor devices.  Refer to
the following GFX links for release notes, home page, training materials, framework and application help.
 - [Release Notes](./release_notes.md)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Wiki](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx/wiki)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Training(https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9B4edd-p2ag5xsIIHhja-caKYY7AKPxe)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Help](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx/tree/master/doc)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 GFX Apps Help](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps/tree/master/doc)

# Features

The key features of the GFX package are the following:

- Supports both Microchip 32-bit SAM and PIC microprocessor devices
- Conforms to the Harmony 3 Software Framework
- Fully MISRA-compliant
- Designed for integration with both RTOS and non-RTOS based systems
- Tightly-coupled with Microchip hardware
- Powerful building blocks buttons, labels, lists, sliders, images, charts
- Multi-language support with UTF-8 encoding
- Support for single and double frame buffers
- WYSWYG UI design editor - Graphics Composer
- Variety of support tools - Heap Estimator, Event Manager, Palette generator, Asset Manager, String and Font interface, DDR memory organizer
- Demonstrations and quick-starts to enable new development

# Contents Summary

| Folder     | Description                                  |
|------------|----------------------------------------------|
| apps       | Example quickstart application |
| display    | Supported Displays |
| doc        | Help documentation                            |
| driver     | Display controller and graphics processor unit drivers |
| hal        | Hardware Abstration Layer between middleware and hardware drivers |
| input      | Input System and its associated drivers and services |
| middleware | Supported User Interface Libraries |
| templates | Complete Project support components |
